Control groups docs (#3436)
openbao/openbao: changelog/3436.txt

> changelog/3436.txt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```release-note:feature

> **Control Groups**: Adds support for a new ACL stanza, `control_group`, which specifies when a second party must approve a request for a path. [[GH-2241](https://github.com/openbao/openbao/pull/2241)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Control Groups**: Add support for a new ACL policy stanza, `control_group`, which specifies when a second party must approve a request for a path.
```

This is automatically inserted later.
